side half court
when he gets it going he doesn't need
time to set it up Smith fought by
Jackson 50 steal he told me I wasn't
running was we run a mile gmorn missing
inside features did a good job on the
glass on teh the Steven Jackson facing
out and there is the first joke that
respect to my third team was on Kayla's
rebound and run did you gotta get the
ball first peel off that downstream and
now Jackson has the ball with a dribble
in a good spot via drench dribbles it
out looking for somebody Memphis is
doing a great job getting back not
giving up layups that one by Monta
here's another duck he live acts row
Mike Miller Steven Jackson to Monte
it might have been too easy see the
jumper doesn't cost the Warriors inside
he just uses it 688 new yet Damon stop
all the last time brings it up fine
Steven Jackson so you're even at that
match of your love and life is for the
swing players for the Warriors to step
up their game Steven Jackson right on
cue hits the three and the Warriors
first leaving the ballgame hop it 848
remaining in the first half perimeter
shots you know that are eventually going
to start falling now Minnesota's opened
the post break by losing their first two
games in the home loss to the Bobcats
you know Charlotte played last night
also and they've won back-to-back times
8 times this year back-to-back games
this is all the way only has one you
can't you can't think about giving help
Miller's got 92 sold 10 to paste Memphis
the interested well just to catch that
ball and continues my viler is just
taking on the Warriors by himself
got 20 the tempo quickens to the
Warriors benefit late yeah me knocked
away Harrington comes up with the long
stride
to Jackson swooping in and that should
be a block and it is yessica vicious
gives it up at the right time so you
just take the ball right in and again as
Jackson goes up trying to hold back a
little bit six of seven then the hottest
war that might have been as good a shot
as good a look that he's had all game
nice pass inside Harrington nice finish
on the other side you know Jackson if he
just understands the game
Jackson well you know what I get so
excited to come off the down screen and
this is Vontaze play I just go one on
one axle bright to the ramp
Monty clears out gives him an option to
go left are right picks it up he wrong
foots it was off his left foot and
finishes it up in the air that's hard to
do off your left foot finished with your
left hand Jackie getting some Olympic
training helped John Carlos was out in
the valley heey Tommy Smith 1968
olympics in mexico city Arrington the
feed from who else Steven Jackson
Jackson is doing everything happily
three points here in the third quarter
third quarter is not over Steven Jackson
with his deal Jackson with junior
Harrington there who's spill
Jackson are they true and how much did
he always say that was at the bandage he
has mellowed a little bit that Jackson
gets hung up along the baseline they're
just using like Reggie Miller coming up
one two screens and Richardson get it
going again rebound Monta chance to push
Richardson's open jackson allie
Richardson hits the three and he always
could elevate and on the left he gets it
look at the hand from richardson he
knows what's going to happen once they
get to the front court miller has to
play the ball richardson alone at the
rim and that's a terrific Pastor Steven
Jackson that was a pass it was right on
the money Jackson's eighth assist they
are rocking in Oracle Arena the whole
possession Jackson to be a great
decision to put it on the floor
if you'da thrown it normally through the
air it had been deflected on exit on the
rookie rudy Gay
goes away eighty hook is good
got 23 two lead the Warriors
100 seconds remaining in the ballgame
the soul deep position shoot before the
defense can come that heresy uses the
direction our souls got 18 you've been
pretty patient waiting from the common
this time it is wet every possession
critical Johnson turkey Johnny finish
get back teams have shot precisely
forty-four percent from the field for
your 17 to 23 from the line Memphis 17
to 22 in Montana momentum
just get away come and let him go on teh
he's have an answer pushing
for a warrior team that has struggled
making free throws down the stretch this
rudy Gay doing
Jackson to triple on three seconds look
alive career high for Jackson assist 25
points 12 assists for Steven Jackson
this plate
the ball in bounded to somebody and you
win Jackson's got it and the Warriors
win
and with the tiebreaker over the Hornets
the Warriors actually now the AC to the
western